In this lecture, we'll refactor our controller a little bit instead of using this request mapping annotation,
we have more specific annotations for every http method in the recent versions of spring.
So I'm going to take out this request, mapping at the method level, use @ post mapping.
And we no longer need this method in there because it is obvious that it is a post method.
When you use a post mapping automatically, that is for the post http method and the value is
also gone.
It is much more readable and simpler.
Same here.
Instead of this whole thing, you can take out the whole thing, use @ get mapping annotation, open
the bracket right there, get rid of the method on the right side  control shift f  have to format,
get rid of the request, method, import.
We need the request mapping because we are using it at the class level.
Otherwise we could have got rid of that as well
stop the application.
If it is running started, make sure it comes up without any issues and once it is up you can go ahead
and run a quick test.